Treena
oh look well I guess you're never too
old to have your knight in shining armor
coming whisk you up to paradise well
have a happy Valentine's Day well I'll
try well Teddy it looks like you'll be
my Valentine this year that's okay at
least it's better than last year when I
met that guy on AOL and he robbed me by
knife point behind the circus liquor
Oh give me a big hug what you hurt come
with well mine comes with a murmur and
an enlarged bow well I I think I'm gonna
go with this chocolate Oh
cube instead yeah I know it looks so
good on the outside but the inside is
all Hollow
just like my uterus
you know I'm gonna go get some flowers
instead Oh can I suggest mums I use them
everywhere at my dog's funeral oh it's
the diamonds and Joy's assortment that's
a wonderful selection there mr. Romeo
your Juliet must be very special
tonight's gonna be a big night oh it's
your first time yeah I remember my first
time I was sweet 16 and it was the prom
I was serving punch and groan about 10
o'clock we ran out of ginger ale so I
went over to the janitor's closet it's
lucky for me that Darnell the custodian
was in there ah she was big as a
mountain and black as coal I don't care
what people said he didn't seem that
retarded to me
over in a couple of seconds but I didn't
mind see because he was my first love
until until he until he set himself on
fire yeah to bring him back to the home
here you go Thanks oh wait has the
change coming
Oh keep it oh that my karma jar do you
have anything Dietetic do we only the
most delicious carob chip clusters in
the world hey I'll take a box oh well
your wife will love them mainly I don't
have a wife
well your girlfriend then yeah I don't
have a girlfriend either
oh I understand
see I once had a gay relationship too
but it was by mistake see she led me to
believe it she was that man
I'm not getting like like candies are
for my mother oh she's sweet she's just
gonna jump for joy when she gets these
she can't really jump she weighs just
under 800 pounds nice of you to be there
for her you go ring these up for you
it's really the least I can do to repay
my mother
um you see um yeah uh I was born with
tail what it's not really tail so much
as a little protrusion of bone marrow
calcium and coarse black hair so feed
that she could name him something
yeah it's anyway my mom would cheer me
up by saying cheer up chimp or monkey is
not so
did you ever feel you've known someone
my entire life I do now excuse me one
minute I'd like to get a second one of
these if I could are you
you